Evolution2014Results contains the "best" schedule generated using the randomized swapping algorithms. The schedule was generated by ../src/Randomizedswapping.py. The number of runs was 100 and the number of iterations per run were 1,000,000. The DR of the initial schedules was approximately 1.0. The DR of the best DR obtained from the run was 9.161. The schedule contains 1033 talks in total spread over 4 days and 16 timeslots (4 timeslots per day). 12 of the 16 timeslots have a maximum of 14 concurrent sessions while the rest 4 timeslots have a maximum of 10 concurrent sessions. The timeslots with 10 maximum sessions will be schedules on the last day of the conference. Each concurrent session has a maximum of 5 talks. 

Description of files:

1. session_import.tsv: Each line in this file contains information about a parallel session. The sessions are represented using a two letter alphabetic code. Sessions whose codes have the same starting letter are concurrent to each other. The abstractIDs of the talks scheduled in the session and the topic words for the session are included. This file was created using formatfinalschedule.py
2. abstract_import.tsv: Each line in this file contains data about an abstract referenced by abstractIDs. Data indicating which session an abstract is assigned to and topic words for the abstract are included in addition to information about the authors. This file was created using formatfinalschedule.py
3. ConcurrentSessions.tsv: This file indicates the number of timeslots available and the concurrent sessions placed in each timeslot. Also shows the gaps in the timeslots where the max number of allowed concurrent sessions is not reached. This file was created using formatfinalschedule.py
4. ./AdditionalStats/AverageInterSessionSimilarity.tsv: This file contains a matrix of average inter-session similarities between every session-session pair regardless of their relationship to each other in the schedule. This file were created using ../src/additionalstats.py 
5. ./AdditionalStats/SessionSimilarity/* : This folder contains one file for every session in the schedule. The file for a session contains a matrix of pairwise talk similarity scores for all the talks in the session. These files were created using ../src/additionalstats.py